# AfOfferTest

Projet developped with Spring Boot.
Project name: offertest

## Services available
### Register a user
link: /api/register  
* Register a new user if provided ID is not yet used.  
* ID can be autogenerated but to simplify test, id is provided in the request  
* User information set as body request and name, id, residence and birthdate are mandatory.  
* Error is thrown when user mandatory inputs are missing or not valid.  

### Display a user by id
link: /api/display/id  
Display all information for selected user using id 

### Display a user by name
link: /api/display/byname?name=Toto  
* Toto is user name to found. Not found error is thrown when user not found or several with same name exist.

## Structure du projet 
Le projet structured as following:  
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;*     Source code : located in /offertest/src/main/java/com/example/offertest/  
	*       OffertestApplication.java: application main  
        *       aspect folder for service inputs and outputs logging.  
        *       service folder with logics to validate inputs before DB access.  
        *       repository where UserRepository is define to handle MongoDB requests.  
	*       controlller folder with user REST controller.  
	*       model folder for user document definition.  
	*       exception contains exceptions handling class.  
     *     Test folder: /offertest/src/test/java/com/example/offertest/  
	*       OffertestApplicationTests.java: Test MVC REST API requests.  
	*       UserServiceTests.java: Test service methods with mocked userRepository.  
    *     READMD: with project details  
    *     PostMan Collection: available in /offertest/OfferTestPostMan.postman_collection.json  

## Build and test project  
Project can be tested with maven with line command or via IDE like Eclipse  
	*Postman with Eclipse:  
		*Run project: right click on OffertestApplication.java -> Rus As -> Java Application  
		*Test with Post Man collection  
	*Unit test: with maven test from terminal or right click on the Eclipse project -> Rus As -> Maven test  
  
## Constraints
Only French user can register (User.residenceCountry should be France, not case sentive).  
User have to be an adult (age >= 18)  
